README.md, before:

# TicketingSystem
BE Services for Ticketing System for maintaining(adding, updating and viewing) the tickets added by User and Support Team
## Installing Required Packages

To install the required packages in local machine, execute the following commands:

| Package Source                                              | Command                                                                                                       |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| PyPI Hosted Libraries                                       | `pip install -r requirements.txt`                                                                             |

## Environment values to be configured

| **Variable**                                         | **Value**                                                 |
|------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| APP_NAME                                             | Ticketingsystem                                            |
| POSTGRES_URI                                         | Configured to the Postgres URI                            |
| MONGO_URI                                            | Configured to the MongoDB URI                             |
| MONGO_DB_NAME                                        | Configured to the MongoDB Name                            |
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID                                    |                                                           |
| AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY                                |                                                           |
| AWS_S3_BUCKET_NAME                                   |                                                           |
| AWS_REGION                                           |                                                           |

Commit message:

Commit: project setup and base implementation
- Added complete project structure and source code
- Included FastAPI app setup with router registration
- Integrated MongoDB connection and configuration files
- Implemented ticket management APIs and utility functions
- Added logging configuration and environment setup
- Added Pytest files

README.md, after:

# TicketingSystem
BE Services for Ticketing System for maintaining(adding, updating and viewing) the tickets added by User and Support Team
## Installing Required Packages

To install the required packages in local machine, execute the following commands:

| Package Source                                              | Command                                                                                                       |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| PyPI Hosted Libraries                                       | `pip install -r requirements.txt`                                                                             |

## Environment values to be configured

| **Variable**                                         | **Value**                                                 |
|------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| APP_NAME                                             | TicketingSystem                                            |
| POSTGRES_URI                                         | Configured to the Postgres URI                            |
| MONGO_URI                                            | Configured to the MongoDB URI                             |
| MONGO_DB_NAME                                        | Configured to the MongoDB Name                            |
| AZURE_CONNECTION_STRING                              | Configured to the Azure Connection String                                                          |
| CONTAINER_NAME                                       | Configured to container name                                                       |
